OKTA-620012 Implement grant type update (#4251)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/main/authcode/setup-app.md

5. Select **Web Application** as the **Application type**, then click **Next**.
1. Enter the **App integration name**.

   > **Note:** When creating a web app, **Authorization Code** is selected as the default and isn't editable since it's a required **Grant type**.

> 1. In the **Sign-in redirect URIs** box, enter the callback location where Okta returns the browser (along with their authorizationcode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Sign-in redirect URIs** box, enter the callback location where Okta returns the browser (along with their authorization code).
```

Author: There's always one. Thanks Susan.
